background                = default   default
frame                    = white     default
window_title            = white     default
directory                = white     default
selected_directory        = black     white
playlist                = white     default
selected_playlist        = black     white
file                    = white     default
selected_file            = black     white
marked_file                = white     default
marked_selected_file    = black     white
info                    = white     default
selected_info            = black     white
marked_info                = white     default
marked_selected_info    = black     white
status                    = white     default
title                    = white     default
state                    = white     default
current_time            = black     white
time_left                = white     default
total_time                = white     default
time_total_frames        = white     default
sound_parameters        = white     default
legend                    = white     default
disabled                = white     default
enabled                    = black     white
empty_mixer_bar            = white     default
filled_mixer_bar        = black     white
empty_time_bar            = white     default
filled_time_bar            = black     white
entry                    = white     default
entry_title                = white     default
error                    = white     default
message                    = white     default
plist_time                = white     default